The planned route of the torch relay for the 2008 Beijing Olympic Games
- was officially released in April.
- That's right.
Currently, preparations for the torch relay are in full swing.
As far as we know, the torch relay of the Beijing Olympic Games
will manifest the concept of green Olympics.
Environmental awareness will run throughout the whole relay.
The Beijing Organizing Committees of the Olympic Games
have formulated environmental standards of conduct for all people,
note that it's all people participating in the Olympic torch relay,
- including torch bearers.
- Exactly.
It seems that our environmental awareness...
Yes. We've learned from the environmental promotion
that the BOCOG requires all people participating in the torch relay
not to use disposable foam tableware, or wooden chopsticks.
They also suggest that we should actively reduce the use of disposable towels, etc.
They particularly encourage people to take buses,
- That's right.
to reduce energy consumption and vehicle emissions.
Exactly.
- I'm home.
- Finally.
Your daughter has been waiting for you all night.
Doudou, Dad is home.
Your rescuer has come.
What's up?
After you gave the speech at her school, she became interested in physics.
Look, she's doing an experiment.
Doudou, what experiment needs so many eggs?
The teacher asked us to put the egg into the bottle intact.
For the experiment, Doudou has already eaten several eggs tonight.
Are you upset?
The bottle is small and the egg is big.
It can't be pushed in.
Dad will figure out a way.
Let's see if I can help you, okay?
Here, hold the egg.
Doudou, hold the egg.
When I tell you to release it, put it at the mouth of the bottle,
okay?
Get ready.
Three, two, one.
Release.
Mom, Mom, come here!
Coming.
Look. The egg went in on its own.
Wow. It really did.
Amazing!
Dad, can you tell me why?
Let me tell you.
There are many tiny molecules both in the bottle and outside of it.
The fire Dad lit burned some of the molecules out.
So there was more space inside, and the tiny molecules outside were impatient to get in.
So they pushed the egg in.
Physics is amazing, just like magic.
Physics isn't magic.
Timing and Subtitles by the
🦃 Turkeys in the Dark Forest 🌲 Team @ Viki.com
♫  Countdown clock ♫
♫  Hidden in the eyes ♫
♫  Deep exploration of the dreams in the dark ♫
♫  What is waiting for me at the end of this mysterious space-time ♫
♫  Don't break the hope given to the world ♫
♫  The sun, same as before, still sets every day ♫
[ Three-Body ]
[ Episode 9 ]
It only took you three hours?
How did you make it?
The first two hours and 55 minutes, I sat in front of her without saying a word.
She couldn't stand it anymore.
I couldn't have stood it either if it were me. And then?
Then I told her that it was a state-level secret and I wanted her to cooperate.
That's all?
I promised her that she could continue the investigation without disclosing the secret.
Let her make more trouble?
She really did find something.
This is the video Mu Xing got.
All eight safe houses have all been exposed.
It's weird.
The SWAT teams escorting the scientists
didn't even know the locations of the safe houses until the last minute before arriving.
Then the secret couldn't have been let out.
Many impossible things have happened recently.
Look.
From the beginning of the shoot to the time when the scientists entered the safe houses,
before the SWAT teams knew where the houses were located,
they had already made all the preparations for the shoot.
There must be a snitch then.
If there's really a snitch, it could only be one person, me.
Don't say that about yourself.
That's not right.
I chose the eight safe houses from my file and numbered them one by one.
I didn't inform any team members until the last moment.
How could the secret have been leaked?
Physics doesn't exist.
Have you found the source of Mu Xing's information?
Since the Olympic Games were open to booking,
tickets for the opening ceremony have been a hit in public bookings.
Judging by the current orders,
most people have booked tickets for the opening ceremony.
The orders are far more than the 26,000 tickets provided by the BOCOG.
Brat.
Why are you standing here?
Waiting for you.
Waiting for me?
If I wanted to escape, how could your beat up car catch up with me?
Really? What car do you drive?
The same brand as yours, but different class.
What's the output volume?
Four-wheel drive?
Why are you waiting for me here?
It's convenient.
After you finish interrogating me, I can pick up my car by myself, right?
Come on.
- Let's go in my beat up car.
- Let's go.
- Come on.
- I can do it myself.
- Can you?
- Yes, no problem.
We're in an extremely precarious situation here.
If we take them into protective custody, they'll accuse us of strong arming them.
There will be public unrest, riots, and god knows what else.
On the other hand, we have to act now.
General Chang, your sector is the only one under control, am I right?
It's only temporary. I don't know if tomorrow we'll be facing the same situation as you are.
Each and every move of ours is exposed to the enemy.
And we don't ever know who are they by now.
Are you scared?
Frankly speaking, I'm scared.
I would rather face a real war,
than be how we are now, like a turkey waiting for Thanksgiving.
Old Shi, rumors are a fearful thing.
Right now, the Combat Zones are under the pressure of public opinion.
Fortunately, we've controlled the malicious spread of information.
I've already caught the messenger. I'll interrogate him later.
Did you catch him? You really know how to boast.
He drove here himself.
Whatever, he is the first one we've caught.
Okay.
You rock!
You've been here for more than a year, right?
If you hadn't occupied the museum, it would have opened a long time ago.
In that case, I should be the first tourist, right?
Tourists can leave after the visit.
That's why I parked my car at the door. It'll be more convenient for me to drive off.
This place should be the Asian Combat Zone.
The European Combat Zone was established earlier.
Of course, the earliest established
should be in Lington, Country M's North American Combat Zone.
Now, Oceania, South America and Africa should have taken it seriously too.
Combat Zone, seriously?
Do you know who you're fighting against?
Amazing, simply amazing!
I only read your paper recently.
I never thought that at that time, you had already correctly predicted
that long-term consumption of genetically modified foods would cause controversy.
You also predicted the ecological disasters that would come with genetically modified crops.
The specific details were close to life and horrifying.
Do you know how those scholars assessed you?
From the future.
God's eye.
According to your theory, should I discard the straw and the can separately?
It makes no difference.
When they're shipped to the dump, they'll still be mixed together.
I'm relieved to hear that.
Hu Xiaoxi, graduated from the Electronic Engineering and Information Institute,
works in Songjie Network Service as a service administrator.
So you're an administrator of an Internet cafe.
Six years ago, you started to write science fiction online under the pseudonym, Poet of Chuantuo.
Your fiction attracts almost no readers.
Last year, you participated in a cyber-fiction competition.
- The prize was about $740,000.
- Yes.
It was said that whoever wrote a more terrifying future would be more likely to win the prize.
You somehow, mysteriously won the prize, didn't you?
General Chang, I think you should be more curious about
how I know about your combat zone and the locations of your safe houses.
Alright. Come on. Tell me then.
Who are you all?
General Chang, you are responsible for the protection of the scientists.
Only at the last moment, would you tell your men about the locations.
[List of scientists in need of protection]
Before that, nobody knew anything other than you.
Don't you find that strange at all?
How could I arrive at the safe houses before your order was even given?
That's right. Isn't that what you came to talk to me about today?
I can really understand what you're feeling.
After all, you're leading a combat zone. You have to know the enemy you're going to face.
Okay. Let me tell you.
Your enemy at the moment is me.
You look a little dismissive. You may think I'm not qualified.
Fine. Then let me ask you, what are your combat zones doing?
You're investigating the suicides of scientists.
Of course, you call those accidental deaths.
Then today, let me make it clear for you.
Their suicides were just that, suicides.
I didn't tell anyone where the safe houses were.
I've thought it over. It might have been leaked when I pulled the information.
But, you're definitely not the boss behind the scenes.
You received an email that informed you of the locations.
On that day, you answered a phone call that lasted 11 seconds.
You were told to record the video. But you were short of hands, so you sought some help from friends.
After you took the video, you gave it to her.
- What's her name?
- Mu Xing.
That's right. You gave it to her.
I've got two pieces of information, the phone call and the e-mail.
But I don't know who gave you the call and sent you the e-mail.
So I'll ask you again, who are you all exactly?
General Chang, why do you still not understand?
That's not the question you should ask.
You should ask about us. Who are we?
Okay. I tell you what, let me tell you a story.
Once upon a time, there was a farm.
Stop. Stop. Stop.
You're going to tell me that I'm a two-dimensional creature, or a turkey, aren't you?
Then tell me, who is this farmer exactly?
Nothing left to say?
Fine. Even if there is such a farmer, he would never hire such a dumb turkey like you to work for them.
All right. I don't think you can tell me anything useful today.
Go home.
No, I...
No, wait, wait, wait.
Y-You should continue the interrogation. Did you even interrogate me?
Does it make any sense to?
It's only a waste of my words.
- Go on.
- No. I...
By the way, you said you wanted to be my enemy.
You're not qualified.
You're really a piece of work.
You caught a dumb ass. How could you waste my time like that?
Did I catch him? He drove here himself.
Old Chang, I have to warn you that each of your eight houses have been exposed.
We got the list from Wang Miao.
This means Wang Miao's cover must have been blown in the Frontiers of Science.
When I got that list, I was already mentally prepared to be exposed.
What should we do then?
Proceed as usual.
If it weren't for me, you would have lost contact with those eight people.
So what?
The Battle Command Center only locked them up to suspend their research.
They didn't lock them up.
They're protecting them.
This list was leaked by your member, Wang Miao.
The activities of our group have always been above board.
It can't be regarded as a leak to tell an outright thing.
But Wang Miao isn't outright enough with you.
And he still... hasn't stopped his research.
When Wang Miao first played the game,
he performed better than you and I did.
It means that he can understand the Lord faster than we did.
It means nothing.
He isn't our comrade.
None of us can alter the will of the Lord.
Did your Hu Xiaoxi, follow the will of the Lord?
Did the Lord let him swagger into the Battle Command Center to show off and demonstrate?
I've never liked him driving, let alone driving cars with large-engines.
It isn't environmentally friendly.
Lord will never see him again.
Press!
Harder!
All right! All right!
Wash your hands.
What's wrong?
Inadequate stress on the two contact faces caused a large amount of loss during the power transmission.
Don't you scientists love to talk like that?
What? You don't understand?
The belt is loose.
Okay.
You caught all the people on the list I gave you, didn't you?
We didn't catch them, instead, we tried to protect them.
But you still failed.
I can feel that Old Chang is under great pressure even though he doesn't tell me.
Just think.
He made the plan himself and didn't tell anyone, yet it was leaked.
Clearly, the Center must be under close surveillance.
We should take the initiative.
Shen Yufei must have seen through me now.
And you still want me to contact her.
Don't you think she'll keep an eye on me?
I've discussed it with Old Chang.
It doesn't matter whether you leak the secret or not.
After all, their gatherings are above board.
She must have other plans for you.
But for your safety, I should go with you to see Shen Yufei and talk to her.
We'd better cut to the chase.
If there really is any danger, I'll tell you to leave immediately.
I told you that I would protect you.
I must protect Copernicus.
[ Waste water from Xitang Village ]
Mr. Pan.
You're on time.
I walked here today.
This, I replaced its battery with a rechargeable one.
Thanks a lot.
It's what I should do.
Actually, that's what everyone should do.
Unfortunately, people only pay attention to things concerning their own interests, or vulgar gossip.
You're very sensitive in this respect.
I really admire that.
Did you see my news report?
Don't record our conversation again from now on.
First, I regret to tell you that you should have reported a piece of big news.
Big news?
What's that?
You should have reported it earlier than the foreign press.
Unfortunately, you missed the opportunity.
You mean the case of scientists being kidnapped?
You were caught.
So you couldn't report it.
It's a state-level secret.
How did you know about it?
Aren't you curious about why you got the information so easily?
Of all the media, why did Hu Xiaoxi give the information to you?
Because I chose you.
I kind of understand this game now.
You did well in the game.
I want to talk to you.
Here's the address,
Number Two, Carriage Four.
What do you mean?
It's the only train in Civilization No. 139.
I never thought that this civilization had advanced all the way to the Steam Age.
We're lucky.
This time, the Stable Era has lasted a long time.
Civilization No. 138 ended in the Stone Age.
I thought Civilization No. 139 would end soon as well, never expecting that it would advance to this level.
I almost forgot what the Chaotic Era was like.
But you're constantly afraid.
I think the purpose of this game
is for us to find the alternation pattern between the Stable Eras and the Chaotic Eras,
or find a way to protect and continue civilization.
Am I right?
Professor Wang, why should civilization advance?
To survive.
Yes.
We spare no effort on observation and calculation,
and climb the technology tree in order not to be destroyed.
You've shown me the world of the farmer.
Does that mean I can see the farmer after I pass the game?
The Lord needs you to know him first.
In the game, many people have begun an expedition through the world to observe the suns.
They hope to calculate the distance between us and the sun through time differences.
Do you think they can find a pattern?
I hope they can find it.
But do we still have time?
Sherlock Holmes?
Who are you dressed as?
The Lady of the Camellias?
Madam Butterfly?
You know what, a scientist can be pretty if she's dressed up.
H-How do you like my style?
It suits you.
What took you so long?
- Don't mention it.
- Sit down.
The carriage numbers aren't in sequence.
I got in Number Seven directly from Number Two.
And then I got in Number 42.
I walked back and forth a bunch of times.
You're not interested in the game, are you?
No.
I don't think it's as easy to play as Snake.
I don't think you two came to see me just to talk about this, right?
I see.
Actually, you don't have to do this.
You can ask me directly if you want to know who is in our gatherings.
Our gatherings are open.
You don't need to feel bad about handing over that list.
If you said that earlier, our talk would have been easier, Dr. Shen.
Our chat in the game doesn't count as an interrogation.
I just want to know what happened to those scientists who committed suicide.
I've told you everything I know.
If you want to know more, I can tell you what I understand as well.
It's about to end.
Civilization No. 139 was destroyed by a tri-solar day.
The civilization had advanced to the Steam Age.
The seed of civilization remains.
We invite you to log into the game again.
[ Nanomaterial Center ]
Let's go.
To see Shen Yufei.
Did you see my news report?
Don't record our conversation again from now on.
Mr. Pan, I know you are a famous biologist in the Frontiers of Science.
Many scientists committed suicide after contacting the group.
What do you think of it?
Suicide isn't worth investigating.
This is.
[ Risk Assessment of Foreign Water Pollution ]
[ Foreign Data on Sulfur Dioxide Pollution ]
Where did you get these?
Who on earth are you?
It doesn't matter who I am.
But when numerous people like you and me are united,
there's a lot of things they can't cover up anymore.
We can help you to do what you want to do.
"We"?
We're very powerful.
By working with us, you'll get more.
So, you aren't a simple biologist.
With a pH value greater than nine, plants can't survive.
Take a look at the information.
How many places are there with a pH value far greater than nine due to industrial pollution?
A simple biologist can't protect those creatures.
So you want me to report these for you?
This will cause a huge shock.
Don't worry.
I won't let them stop me this time.
I'll take care of it.
We can't arrest or interrogate her.
Will she tell us the truth?
We'll talk.
If she talks to us, we'll get something eventually.
Is it an interrogation when you question me here?
No, no.
It's just a chat between online friends.
Sit down.
What do you want to know?
Start from Professor Munphy.
I've told you everything.
I only let him see the truth.
The Liangxiang Collider, Yang Dong tested it three times.
None of the data was the same as her calculations.
According to my consultation, under normal conditions,
even if the three sets of data were different from her calculations,
there shouldn't have been such huge differences between the data.
And... the differences...
Were without patterns.
Yeah.
Without any patterns.
I was wondering, if they couldn't calculate the data
no matter what they did, how could you get them before the experiment?
Munphy showed Yang Dong two copies of data.
Nine o'clock... Nine o'clock...
What happened at nine?
Ding Yi then consoled her, saying that something might be wrong with the photocopier.
I only sent him faxes.
If he was the one who photocopied them, how could the photocopied faxes show different times?
Nobody could've gotten the results of your experiment before you conducted it.
It's definitely the machine.
Have some faith in science, okay?
Can a photocopier make mistakes with just the time?
Obviously, the explanation wasn't convincing at all.
It was you who gave the data to Munphy in advance.
Yes.
I did give him the data before the experiment.
Did you come up with the results through calculations?
If you did, then physics should still exist.
You and I work in applied physics.
We can't calculate them.
Yang Dong and Munphy worked in fundamental physics.
They couldn't either.
It shows... that our physics really doesn't exist.
Then who worked them out?
The farmer?
The Lord knows everything.
The Lord?
Are you talking about one person or a group of people?
It doesn't matter.
Was it a big deal to get that data?
Sorry.
There's no smoking here.
Professor Wang will answer your question.
I dropped this box of cigarettes three times in a row.
Same cigarettes.
Same amount.
Do you think that where each cigarette lands can be exactly the same each time?
It's impossible.
If I ask you to mark the position of each cigarette
each time in advance, can you do that?
Even more impossible.
Do you understand now?
Yes.
But just say it, you didn't have to throw my cigarettes.
So,
Munphy killed himself because he couldn't accept this, right?
He killed himself because he accepted the truth.
It's done.
All this nonsense.
I see.
His faith collapsed.
What about Yang Dong then?
Honestly,
I didn't know Yang Dong well.
After the experiment, we talked on the phone.
I thought she had accepted the fact that physics might not exist.
Afterward, she didn't give up on her life.
She changed her job and even thought about getting married.
You gave her a file packet before.
Five days after that, she killed herself.
If you looked into it, you should know what was inside.
If I was really a suspect, I wouldn't be sitting here now.
What was in the packet?
A recommendation letter.
She recommended Yang Dong to work in a research institute.
So are you suggesting Yang Dong's suicide had nothing to do with the fact physics didn't exist anymore?
I don't understand it either,
why Yang Dong made such a choice ten months after the experiment failed.
Physics has never existed, and will never exist.
Correct.
Those were Yang Dong's last words.
I can understand why Munphy killed himself, but I don't understand Yang Dong.
I did show those scientists the truth,
but I couldn't interfere with their choice.
Did your Lord ask you to do so?
The Lord has revealed the truth to us.
That's why he's the Lord.
Timing and Subtitles by the
🦃 Turkeys in the Dark Forest 🌲 Team @ Viki.com
♫ I've seen things you people wouldn't believe ♫
♫ Soon our planet will vanish ♫
♫ I've known the future you people wouldn't think of ♫
♫ Soon your planet will be punished ♫
♫ I've seen things you people wouldn't believe ♫
♫ Soon our planet will vanish ♫
♫ I've known the future you people wouldn't think of ♫
♫ Soon your planet will be punished ♫
♫ I've seen things you people wouldn't believe ♫
♫ Soon our planet will vanish ♫
♫ I've known the future you people wouldn't think of ♫
♫ Soon your planet will be punished ♫
♫ I've seen things you people wouldn't believe ♫
♫ Soon our planet will vanish ♫
♫ I've known the future you people wouldn't think of ♫
♫ Soon your planet will be punished ♫
♫ I've seen things you people wouldn't believe ♫
♫ Soon our planet will vanish ♫
♫ I've known the future you people wouldn't think of ♫
♫ Soon your planet will be punished ♫
[ Three-Body ]